so that's it what we some kind of
suicide squad james gunns the suicide
squad is finally hitting theaters and
hbo max
it's the sort of sequel slash reboot to
david ayers suicide squad
from 2016. that movie was met with some
pretty negative reviews from critics and
audiences alike so warner brothers
brought in james gunn
to do whatever he wanted with this
franchise
james gunn's version of this movie
features faces old and
new if you don't want to revisit david
air suicide squad
a decent life choice or if you don't
have time to revisit
harley quinn's birds of prey movie well
then this video has got you covered
this is everything you need to know from
suicide squad 2016
and birds of prey before watching james
gunn's
the suicide squad so after superman's
death in batman v
superman intelligence officer amanda
waller of argus
has the idea for task force x a team of
criminals and super villains who would
be forced to fill the crime fighting
void
waller plans on controlling these ragtag
villains by implanting bombs in their
necks before sending them off on suicide
missions
if those missions are successful the
villains will have their prison
sentences shortened
the members of the suicide squad are
largely recruited from bell rev security
prison
and features villains like killer croc
slipknot and el diablo
notable other members are deadshot who
was captured by batman and once out of
prison to see his daughter
captain boomerang is one of the flash's
rogues gallery of villains
who has a fondness for his stuffed
unicorn doll and then there's harley
quinn a former psychiatrist
who was now the girlfriend of the joker
the squad's mission is to travel into
midway city to stop the villainous
enchantress
and her brother incubus from destroying
all of mankind
amanda waller installs colonel rick
flagg along with his sword's woman
bodyguard
katana to lead the squad and keep them
in line
rick flagg also happens to be in love
with dr june moon
whom the enchantress is possessing and
so task force x
aka the suicide squad venture into the
city to save mankind or die trying
or die trying to escape as slipknot does
almost immediately
throughout the course of suicide squad
the team kind of sort of bonds as they
make their way closer and closer to the
enchantress
eventually el diablo sacrifices himself
to kill incubus and harley quinn manages
to cut out the heart of enchantress
which rick flag crushes freeing june
from the possession
and so humanity was saved and as a
reward amanda waller actually knocks 10
years off all of their prison sentences
and grants them some special requests
like deadshot gets to see his daughter
and killer croc gets to watch b-e-t
and then the joker shows up and bus
harley quinn out of prison so
yeah true love
let's go home and that's everything that
happened that you need to know about in
david ayers
suicide squad but that's not the end of
the story for harley quinn
as seen in last year's birds of prey the
joker breaks up with harley and you
could say she's a little bitter about it
now that she's not under joker's
protection there's a whole lot of bad
people in gotham city
that want revenge for all the ways that
harley has wronged them
harley ends up teaming up with black
canary huntress renee montoya and a
young pickpocket named cassandra kane to
take down
a gang leader named roman scionis after
killing roman and making a name of their
own in gotham city
black canary huntress and rene montoya
form a vigilante team known as the birds
of prey
and harley takes cassandra under her
wings to form harley quinn and
associates
a contract mercenary team offering their
services to the highest bidder
and that's where all the members of the
suicide squad were last we saw them
what's going to happen to returning
members of the squad like
captain boomerang rick flag and harley
quinn well we gotta watch the movie to
find out what we do know is that warner
brothers gave james gun
free reign to do whatever he wanted with
this franchise so there's no
restrictions
on types of content or even character
deaths
and based on early word there is going
to be a lot of blood
and death let me know what you're most
looking forward to seeing in the new
suicide squad movie in the comments
below
and if you want to help this channel out
make sure you give this video a like
and subscribe turn on the bell
notifications do all that jazz
it really helps out makes a difference
and it allows me to keep bringing
content like this to you in the future
and that does it for this video but i
will see you in the next one
you